README.md, before:

# Zia

The purpose of the Zia project is to implement an Http server based on the [ZiAPI](https://github.com/martin-olivier/ZiAPI) api.

### Available modules

The server comes with several modules, including:
- a generic `CGI` module
- a `Logger` module
- an `Http` module implementing HTTP/1.1 protocol
- an `Https` module implementing HTTP/1.1 protocol with SSL

Note that all the modules based on the `ZiAPI` api (v5.0.0) are compatible with our Zia server. 

### Other features

The server also comes wit the following features:
- A `cli` to manage the server and the pipelines

## Summary
- [Build the project](#build-the-project)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Run](#run)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Build the project

Create a `build/` directory:
```shell
mkdir build/
```

### Conan

Install the required conan packages:

```shell
conan install . --build=missing -if=build/
```

### CMake

#### Tests
**If** you want to build the unit tests:

```shell
cmake -DENABLE_TESTING=yes ./build/
```

#### Project
Build the project with cmake:

```shell
cmake --build ./build/
```

All the binaries are located in the `./build/bin/` directory.

## Configuration

We choose the `Yaml` language for the configuration files.

### Pipelines configuration

The pipelines configurations must be written in the `pipelines.txt` file. It is formatted as follows:
```
pipelineName::pathToTheModulesConfigurationFile::PathsToTheLibraries
...
```

### Modules configuration

Each pipeline must provide a module configuration file, formatted as follows:

```yaml
modules:
  moduleName:
    moduleParam1: moduleParam1
    moduleParam2: moduleParam2
  ...
```

The modules parameters required in the configuration are documented in the [Modules documentation](#modules-documentation) 

## Run

Run the `zia` binary (located in the `./build/bin/` directory).

### Use the cli

The `cli` enables server and pipelines management. The following commands are available:

| Command    | Argument(s)    | Description                            |
|------------|----------------|----------------------------------------|
 | `help`     |                | Displays the commands list             |
 | `start`    | `pipelineName` | Starts the pipeline                    |
 | `stop`     | `pipelineName` | Stops the pipeline                     |
 | `config`   | `pipelineName` | Reloads the pipeline configuration     |
 | `hotreload`| `pipelineName` | Activates or deactivates hot reloading |

### Example

#### pipeline.txt:
```
httpServer::../../config.yml::../lib/libhttp_module.so
```
#### config.yml:
```yml
modules:
  http:
    port: 8080
    path: http_module.dll
  staticserve:
    path: static_serve.dll
    rootDirectory: ../../files
    dirpath: .

```

#### run:

```shell
cd ./build/bin/ && ./zia
```

#### cli:

```
> config httpServer
> start httpServer
> config httpServer
> stop httpServer
```

## Documentation

### Modules documentation

- [Cgi](./libs/cgi/README.md)
- [Logger](./libs/Logger/README.md)
- [HttpModule](./libs/http_module/README.md)
- [HttpsModule](./libs/https_module/README.md)

### Doxygen documentation

Generate the Doxygen documentation:
```shell
doxygen Doxyfile
```
All the documentation will be found in the `./doc/` directory.

## Notes

### SSL certificate generation

A script is provided to generate SSL certificates. Run:
```shell
./docs/https_module/generateCertificate.sh
```

All the required files will be provided in the `./build/certificate/` directory.

## Credits

[Aurélien BOCH](https://github.com/aurelien-boch) | <aurelien.boch@epitech.eu>

[Benjamin REIGNER](https://github.com/Breigner01) | <benjamin.reigner@epitech.eu>

[Paul BEAUDET](https://github.com/Pepiloto) | <paul.beaudet@epitech.eu>

[Victoire Rabeau](https://github.com/Victoire-Rabeau) | <victoire.rabeau@epitech.eu>

Commit message:

doc: Add comments for examples in README

README.md, after:

# Zia

The purpose of the Zia project is to implement an Http server based on the [ZiAPI](https://github.com/martin-olivier/ZiAPI) api.

### Available modules

The server comes with several modules, including:
- a generic [CGI](./libs/cgi/README.md) module
- a [Logger](./libs/Logger/README.md) module
- an [Http](./libs/http_module/README.md) module implementing HTTP/1.1 protocol
- an [Https](./libs/https_module/README.md) module implementing HTTP/1.1 protocol with SSL
- a [Static serve](./libs/static_serve/README.md)

Note that all the modules based on the `ZiAPI` api (v5.0.0) are compatible with our Zia server. 

### Other features

The server also comes wit the following features:
- A `cli` to manage the server and the pipelines

## Summary
- [Build the project](#build-the-project)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Run](#run)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Notes](#notes)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Build the project

Create a `build/` directory:
```shell
mkdir build/
```

### Conan

Install the required conan packages:

```shell
conan install . --build=missing -if=build/
```

### CMake

#### Tests
**If** you want to build the unit tests:

```shell
cmake . -DENABLE_TESTING=yes -b ./build/
```

#### Project
Build the project with cmake:

```shell
cmake --build ./build/
```

All the binaries are located in the `./build/bin/` directory.

## Configuration

We choose the `Yaml` language for the configuration files.

### Pipelines configuration

The pipelines configurations must be written in the `pipelines.txt` file. It is formatted as follows:
```
pipelineName::pathToTheModulesConfigurationFile::PathsToTheLibraries
...
```

### Modules configuration

Each pipeline must provide a module configuration file, formatted as follows:

```yaml
modules:
  moduleName:
    moduleParam1: moduleParam1
    moduleParam2: moduleParam2
  ...
```

The modules parameters required in the configuration are documented in the [Modules documentation](#modules-documentation) 

## Run

Run the `zia` binary (located in the `./build/bin/` directory).

### Use the cli

The `cli` enables server and pipelines management. The following commands are available:

| Command    | Argument(s)    | Description                            |
|------------|----------------|----------------------------------------|
 | `help`     |                | Displays the commands list             |
 | `start`    | `pipelineName` | Starts the pipeline                    |
 | `stop`     | `pipelineName` | Stops the pipeline                     |
 | `config`   | `pipelineName` | Reloads the pipeline configuration     |
 | `hotreload`| `pipelineName` | Activates or deactivates hot reloading |

### Example

#### pipeline.txt:
```
httpServer::../../config.yml::../lib/libhttp_module.so
```
#### config.yml:
```yml
modules:
  http:
    port: 8080
    path: http_module.dll
  staticserve:
    path: static_serve.dll
    rootDirectory: ../../files
    dirpath: .

```

#### run:

```shell
cd ./build/bin/ && ./zia
```

#### cli:

**Note:** The `#` followed by sentences are comments, **they don't have to be written in the cli**

```
config httpServer      # first configuration of the pipeline before running
start httpServer       # start the pipeline
config httpServer      # config the pipeline while it's running
stop httpServer        # stop the pipeline
```

## Documentation

### Modules documentation

- [Cgi](./libs/cgi/README.md)
- [Logger](./libs/Logger/README.md)
- [HttpModule](./libs/http_module/README.md)
- [HttpsModule](./libs/https_module/README.md)
- [Static serve](./libs/static_serve/README.md)

### Doxygen documentation

Generate the Doxygen documentation:
```shell
doxygen Doxyfile
```
All the documentation will be found in the `./doc/` directory.

## Notes

### SSL certificate generation

A script is provided to generate SSL certificates. Run:
```shell
./docs/https_module/generateCertificate.sh
```

All the required files will be provided in the `./build/certificate/` directory.

## Credits

[Aurélien BOCH](https://github.com/aurelien-boch) | <aurelien.boch@epitech.eu>

[Benjamin REIGNER](https://github.com/Breigner01) | <benjamin.reigner@epitech.eu>

[Paul BEAUDET](https://github.com/Pepiloto) | <paul.beaudet@epitech.eu>

[Victoire Rabeau](https://github.com/Victoire-Rabeau) | <victoire.rabeau@epitech.eu>
