libs/http_module/README.md, before:

# Http Module Documentation

The Http module implements HTTP/1.1 protocol.

## Module Type

The Http module implements the following module interfaces:
- `INetworkModule`

## Configuration

This section defines the configuration values the module depends on.

| Key                 | Type           | Required | Description                                                       |
|---------------------|----------------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
 | `modules.http.port` | `std::uint16_t`| No       | Determines the port of the TCP socket. It's default value is `80` |

## Context

This section defines the request/response context values the module depends on.

| Key           | Type                                        | Actions      | Description                                    |
|---------------|---------------------------------------------|--------------|------------------------------------------------|
 | `_client`     | `std::unique_ptr<network::tcp::ITCPClient>` | Read + Write | A pointer to the client which sent the request | 
 | `REMOTE_ADDR` | `std::uint32_t`                             | Write        | The client's ip address                        |
 | `PORT`        | `std::uint16_t`                             | Write        | The client's port                              | 

---
[Back to README](../../README.md)

Commit message:

tests(modules/network): Fix tests to comply with the new config methods

libs/http_module/README.md, after:

# Http Module Documentation

The Http module implements HTTP/1.1 protocol.

## Module Type

The Http module implements the following module interfaces:
- `INetworkModule`

## Configuration

This section defines the configuration values the module depends on.

| Key                 | Type           | Required | Description                                                       |
|---------------------|----------------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
 | `modules.http.port` | `std::uint16_t`| No       | Determines the port of the TCP socket. It's default value is `80` |

## Context

This section defines the request/response context values the module depends on.

| Key           | Type                                        | Actions      | Description                                    |
|---------------|---------------------------------------------|--------------|------------------------------------------------|
 | `_client`     | `std::unique_ptr<network::tcp::ITCPClient>` | Read + Write | A pointer to the client which sent the request | 
 | `REMOTE_ADDR` | `std::uint32_t`                             | Write        | The client's ip address                        |
 | `PORT`        | `std::uint16_t`                             | Write        | The client's port                              | 

## Additional Comments

If the `port` value is lower than `1024` (like the default value), the program **MUST** run with administrator privileges.

---
[Back to README](../../README.md)
